Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hm. that's her business.
I wanted chemistry.
I have heard. Thank you. sir.
Alright. Thank you. Alright. bye.
Never! It can’t happen.
Mommy. you better be careful.
Don't break your waist.
Let this waist break. let it scatter.
Look.
on that day. as the bride's mother. ah!
Look. I would dance like a deaf person.
What sort of family tradition is that?
Look. they’ll just
have to attend the reception.
Please. forget it.
Idiot!
Ah. it can’t happen! It can't happen!
I am dead! I am done for!
I'm done for!
it's fine. I'll be alright.
I'm no more interested.
Fool.
Mh! I have
a nine o'clock appointment. Here!
You won't kill me!
Ehen. and so? I said I'm not interested!
Please. please. please.
You too. piss off! Dullard!
Ahn-ahn!
Or I look like a babysitter or a cougar?
-Is it a competition?
-No! What is…
Wow!
Oh yeah! Ahn-ahn! Superhero things.
C'mon. now.
Foolish man. Idiot.
It will not be well with you!
God will punish you!
What kind of evil
obsession is this for Christ's sake.
For goodness' sakes!
That guy is an accursed human being.
What is this babe saying?
That's it!
-This guy is a bastard!
-A really crazy one.
Come on! Let's go!
Subtitle translation by: Ayolope Koiki